Add JSON Matchers For `File`/`Path` (#4461)
sksamuel/kotlintest: documentation/docs/assertions/json/overview.md

To use these matchers add `testImplementation("io.kotest:kotest-assertions-json:<version>")` to your build.

> There exist copies of all matchers that validate a `File` or a `Path` instead of a `String` for the JVM platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are overloads of all matchers that validate a `File` or a `Path` instead of a `String` for the JVM platform.
```

Author: they're not technically overloads though as they're effectively distinct extension methods, no?

because, at least as far as a kotlin dev is concerned, extension functions execute *on* some extension. they have no need to know the implementation detail that it is actually just a parameter to a static function
